Filters
-------

hostname-deny
-------------

Hostnames and IP addresses to deny.

tld-deny
--------

Top-level domains to deny.

keywords-allow
--------------

Entries with the following keywords will not be filtered.

keywords-deny
-------------

Entries with the following keywords will be filtered.

keywords-replace
----------------

Replace words and phrases.

Introduction
------------

Keyword filters can be used to protect or depress your life.

Before you continue reading, please realize that the news has to be treated
as a very annoying and bad salesperson who wants to guile and trick you into
buying something that you do not need at all.

In other words: Sometimes, you just have to hang up the phone.

"I always tell people: News is the most highly developed form of fiction."
"The most difficult." -- Donald Pleasence as J.G. in "The News-Benders 1968".
magnet:?xt=urn:btih:75af6576572a08a62a7a614b1fd399712fcf1e58&dn=newsbenders

News is no longer an information service, if it ever was. News in most of the
world is a mean of fear.

The government regulated news agencies, private and public, are not in your
favour. You must filter in order to avoid from subverting your mind.

Although it is recognized that the Palestinian land confiscation issue is
indeed a problem that affects us all (i.e. confiscation of land without
punishing).

I have worked with far right wing Israeli and Zionist news jurnalists and
editors for over a decade, and it occurred to me, time and again, that these
entities have published factual and fictional criticism against themselves
(the Israeli side), in order to distract the Israeli citizenry from removing
the government because the Israelis wanted to better their life by improving
the life of the average citizen.

Most of my Israeli brothers and sisters are either poor or in debt, and the
Israeli government uses the conflict against Palestinians and Israelis as one.

By observing our problems instead of your own; you are, in fact, harming us
and yourself.

I have added keywords to deny entries that are related to the Palestinians,
because most of the articles about the subject are meant to distract you too
from issues that are much more closer and important to you.

If the Americans and the Europeans will concentrate on Israel or Palestine,
never mind which side they support, instead of protecting their own freedom
of speech and their feedom of keep and bear arms, then tomorrow, without
their freedoms, they would not even be able to express any opinion on any
other matter whatsoever.

If you want to harm yourself, your family and friends and the Chinese,
Israelis, Palestinians, Tibetans, then you are free to remove the filters
and concentrate on issues that do not really matter.

But if you really care for Chinese, Israelis, Palestinians, Tibetans, then
you must concentrate your efforts on *your* local area, care for *your* own
neighbours and *your* own race, for uncompromising freedom and liberty for
all, because, otherwise, non of us might have any.

It is "all of us for all of us" or we are on our own. And it has to start
locally. There is no other way.

You are advised to look into the keywords and share yours with us, so people
would get the best out of this news application.

4chan
-----

We are all using 4chan; yet you have got to wonder how is it still
allowed to online in a centralized DNS system.
If 4chan was served only in I2P, IPFS, Nostr, Plebbit or Yggdrasil
then I would not think so.

Brands
------

Almost every time you see a brand name in title or content, it is because
someone, usually a marketing agency or a venture capital firm, has paid for
it to be mentioned, not because an editor had genuinely deemed it interesting.

Replacer
--------

The index keywords-replace was generated from machine learning scan of
political and scientific forums gathered within a duration of 6 hours; this
index is a set of value(s) (phrases and words) to be replaced by a value (key).

While non reflects any of the opinions of the author of this program, you
might find it amusing, entertaining, essential, important or all of the
above or perhaps just a joke of the book of "1984" or the film "They Live"
to experience what it might feel like.

While this set of filters is intended merely for example purposes only to
realize the power one might have when is given the liberty to control
contents received, this machine-learning generated set is surprisingly
effective and efficient.

The filtering ability was primarily meant to solve an issue which my
orthodox rabbi has asked me to solve for him. That set, which he and his
community use, is not included here.
